Sharded clusters (#1087)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/get-started/backup/restore_MongoDB_backups.md

    - The *pbm_config.yaml* file required for physical restores is the PBM config file that you provided for step 3.

!!! caution alert alert-warning "Important"
    Make sure not to run pbm backup from the new environment while the Percona Backup for MongoDB config is pointing to the remote storage location of the original environment.

### Restoring from a sharded cluster

> PMM supports creating  physical backups straight from the UI, and PMM will handle the backup process end-to-end. However, restoring such artifacts is currenlty possibile only via te CLI, using Percona Backup for MongoDB. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PMM supports creating backups of sharded clusters straight from the UI, and PMM will handle the backup process end-to-end. However, restoring such artifacts is currenlty possibile only via the CLI, using Percona Backup for MongoDB. 
```
